Take advantage of the advantages of the water surface
I go on a journey
There is a grandfather who has traveled the world
Occasionally from a foreign country street corner
Confirmed rice paper
This fall's 10 wins
Nitta Elementary School was also buried
Yoshihi
Everyone from the same place
Bio comment
Such grandfather is one day
Requesting a letter to the country
I uttered a mysterious word
Someday this letter
I want you to reach a friend over the sea
Destination is not responding naturally
Bring it out to the outside of you guys
I told that I came to a place that wasn't anywhere
I will send this letter to the people I met
Tell that you were following the dream story
Also struggle in the European market
Don't be serious
Talked
In a place without a name
Izawa, but this time is Indiana